they say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it's putting our health and safety in danger. tests conducted by the faa use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased . but these tests are conducted using planes with 31 inches between each row of seats, a standard which on some airlines has decreased, reported the detroit news. the distance between two seats from one point on a seat to the same point on the seat behind it is known as the pitch. british airways has a seat pitch of 31 inches, while easyjet has 29 inches, thomson's short haul seat pitch is 28 inches, and virgin atlantic's is 30-31.a drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions' enclosure at a zoo in western india. next level drunk: intoxicated rahul kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting 'today i kill a lion!' neto rushes from his goal as juan iturbe bears down on him during fiorentina's clash with roma in march . the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman,and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february. scroll down for video . rumors started swirling around jenner's gender identity last year, when he emerged from a beverly hills clinic with his adam's apple shaved down. his behavior over the past year also fueled speculation as he began embracing an increasingly female appearance, including growing out his hair, shaving his legs and painting hisnails, while reportedly undergoing hormone therapy. reports also emerged over the past week that he has received a breast enhancement. 'bruce had silicone breast implants put in a few weeks ago,' a source told radaronline. 'he went with a smaller implant because he didn't want to look ridiculous.' jenner, who won gold in the decathlon at the 1976 olympics, also made headlines earlier this year for his involvement in a deadly car crash in malibu. police sources say jenner is unlikely to be prosecuted because he wasn't drinking, speeding or texting at the time of the fatal crash. in february, she presented 'a nation of women behind bars', in which she went to prisons across the country to speak with female inmates.this is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant  pig out of a garden swimming pool. his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out. the prize porker known as pigwig had fallen into the water and had then been unable to get out again . two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool. the exhausted animal had to be winched to using an all-terrain crane but appeared no worse for wear after its tumble . wet and very bedraggled, the exhausted animal put up no opposition when firefighters arrived to hoist her out of the small garden pool inheyshott. the two-hour rescue operation ended with the wayward horse being fitted with straps under her belly and lifted up into the air with an all-terrain crane before being swung around and deposited back on dry land. a fire brigade spokesman said that she appeared none the worse for her impromptu swim after stepping over the edge of the domestic pool.the amount of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever, the corporations boss has admitted. the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in the last three months of 2014, according to official figures. this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. he notedthat time spent listening to bbc radio had dropped to its lowest ever level, the documents said. sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives than in the past, and a change in habits amongst young people. in every other respect however, 29-year-old evans, a single mum from dudley, was a winner on thursday night. evans had doherty in all sorts of trouble before the former champion closed out the game 10-8 . those critics and the bookies who made doherty a ridiculously short-priced 20/1 on favourite were made to look foolish as evans had her illustrious opponent on the ropes before finally bowing out 10-8. a gracious doherty admitted afterwards: 'she played out of her skin. 'i don't usually feel sympathy for my opponents but i felt sorry at the end. evans, cheered on by her eight-year-old daughter lauren at the ponds forge sports centre in sheffield, admitted she was exhausted after a match of unfamiliar intensity for her. 'ken had little runs when he needed it but i could tell he was under pressure. i have the women's game on my shoulders. evans eyes up her move during an enthralling game with doherty in sheffield . he sat down at every opportunity while evans often stood while he played. he has two more qualifying rounds before he makes the crucible but it's doubtful he will face a tougher opponent. the men were found guilty in march and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail. the girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang  at under-18s parties organised by ahmed hassan-sule, 21, known as 'fiddy'. behind bars:kagiso manase, 26, (left) was jailed for four years and said saleh, 20, (right) was sentenced to four years' detention in a young offenders institute . one of the victims told the oxford mail: 'when i used to go missing i would swear at my mum and i didn't realise i was being really nasty to her. 'calling people "slags" as the defence did in this case stops other girls from coming forward. i would say to other girls to think about the future. thames valley police launched operation reportage after receiving a tip-off about the men's activities and eventually tracked down numerous teenager girls who had been molested. convicted:takudzwa hova, 21, (left) was sentenced to six years' imprisonment, whilezsolt szalontai, 18, (right) was sentenced to three years' detention in a young offenders' institute after being found guilty of rape . manase had also pleaded guilty to possession of identity documents with intent. the offence related to being found in possession or control of a false south african passport and uk residence permit. zsolt szalontai, 18, of banbury, was found guilty of one count of rape. he was sentenced to three years' detention in a young offenders' institute.biting his nails nervously, these are the first pictures of the migrant boat captain accused of killing 900 men, women and children in one of the worst maritime disasters since world war two. before leaving the italian coastguard vessel, however, he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of malta. he was later charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. scroll down for videos . in the dock: malek affords a smile alongside his alleged smuggler accomplice, a 26-year-old syrian crew member named mahmud bikhit, who was also arrested and charged with 'favouring illegal immigration' a police handout showing mohammed ali malek (left) and mahmud bikhit (right) after their arrest in malta . malek was also pictured with his alleged smuggler accomplice, a 26-year-old syrian crew member named mahmud bikhit, who charged with 'aiding illegal immigration. he said the crew members did their job in coming to the rescue of a ship in distress and that their activities 'in no way contributed to the deadly event.' meanwhile, the survivors were brought to a migrant holding center in catania and were 'very tired, very shocked, silent,' according to flavio di giacomo of the international organization for migration. some resorted to clinging to their floating corpses until italian and maltese coastguards came to rescue them in the dead of the night. grim: survivors said they resorted to clinging to floating corpses until coastguards came to their rescue . sunday's disaster was the worst in a series of migrant shipwrecks that have claimed more than 1,700 lives this year - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014 - and nearly 5,000 since the start of last year. meanwhile,australian prime minister tony abbott urged the eu to introduce tough measures to stop migrants attempting to make the perilous sea voyage from north africa to europe. hardline: tony abbott, whose conservative government introduced a military-led operation to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers before they reach australia, said harsh measures are the only way to stop deaths . his comments came as eu foreign and interior ministers met in luxembourg to discuss ways to stem the flood of people trying to reach europe. he warned: 'a time will come when europe will be judged harshly for its inaction when it turned a blind eye to genocide. he estimated smugglers behind the doomed voyage from libya to europe would have made between 1million and 5million from selling desperate refugees spaces on the boat.south korea ambassador lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from last month's knife attack. scroll down for video . the prosecutors' office in seoul said kim, was charged with attempted murder, violence against a foreign envoy and obstruction of duty. kim has told investigators the ambassador was the 'symbolic' target of his opposition to annual us-south korea joint military exercises, which he blames for blocking dialogue with north korea. the annual drills have long been condemned by pyongyang as rehearsals for invasion. kim had visited the north seven times and once tried to erect a memorial in seoul to the late north korean leader kim jong-il after his death in 2011. north korea has rejected accusations that it may have been behind the attack as a 'vicious' smear campaign by seoul. cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. a controlled thick edge from the first ball of the day brought him an 11th boundary of the innings and in the following over he punched the ball for two off the back foot. (cnn)warren weinstein, who appears to have been the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda, was accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike in january. another senior u.s. official told cnn that weinstein's capture by al qaeda made it hard for the united states to negotiate, even though proxies such as the pakistani government have links to intermediaries who might have helped. the senior pakistani official says that during the past year pakistani soldiers, who were part of a military offensive in the tribal area of north waziristan near the afghan-pakistan border where weinstein was believed to be being held, went door-to-door looking for the american. on thursday, the u.s. government announced that weinstein had been killed in a "counterterrorism operation" in january, which is how the government often describes cia drone strikes. according to new america, which tracks drone strikes in pakistan, cia drone attacks happened in shawal, north waziristan, on january 19 in which at least four militants were killed; also on january 15 in tehsil ladha, south waziristan, in which at least five militants were killed; and on january 4 in datta khel, south waziristan, in which at least eight militants were killed. it is in one of these strikes that weinstein was almost certainly killed. hunter, a california republican, released a statement thursday, saying, "the only government organization seriously developing options to recover weinstein and others in the afghanistan/pakistan region was within the pentagon -- led by war hero jason amerine." according to the pakistani official, the leader of the weinstein kidnapping cell was a relative of tahir yuldashev, the former imu leader killed in a cia drone strike in the pakistani tribal regions in 2009. the initial lead that traced the weinstein kidnapping to the imu came from another high-profile kidnapping in pakistan two weeks after weinstein's abduction. shahbaz taseer, the son of a leading pakistani liberal politician salman taseer -- who was killed by pakistani militants eight months earlier -- was kidnapped in lahore on august 26, 2011. at the scene of taseer's kidnapping one of the kidnappers dropped a cell phone and sim card that eventually led pakistani officials to focus on the imu group in lahore, according to the senior pakistani counterterrorism official. imu members then took weinstein to the federally administered tribal areas in pakistan, a semi-autonomous region along the border with afghanistan where al qaeda and other militant groups are headquartered. weinstein had spent his life helping others, working in the fields of aid and development. the name of the child is unknown.a thief nicknamed the 'black widow of facebook' who drugged and robbed men after she lured them into bed has been arrested. argentinian con-artist sofia davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network, suggesting they meet up for sex. the 21-year-old posted raunchy pictures of herself on facebook and flirt with strangers she added on the network. diego escalante, from tigre, buenos aires, said he had been robbed after falling victim to the ploy. the 39-year-old said: 'we had been flirting with each other for about two weeks and then she suggested we get together. i then began to fill ill and passed out. 'when i woke up my feet and hands were tied and there were two men in my flat taking my tv, stereo and other things.' after carrying out the ruse davila went to the police station herself to report the robbery - claiming she had been forced to leave the flat by the men, and had been powerless to stop them. the thief has been nicknamed the 'black widow of facebook'. but a spokesman for the police said they were suspicious, having received numerous calls from men who had been stolen from after they spent the night with a woman they met over the internet . he said: 'the problem with her statement was that we had already received a dozen complaints from other men saying they had been robbed after meeting a woman over facebook. 'as soon as we spoke to the victim we knew she was the woman behind the robberies and it only took a little while before we had a full confession. argentinian news website diarioveloz.comsaid davila, who worked in pr for a bowling alley, told police she was forced to commit the crimes to pay off her debts to a drug dealer .as australian fashion week comes to a close, a new damning report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in australia and their companies, for the ongoing exploitation of their overseas workers. lowes, industrie, best & less and the just group - which includes just jeans, portmans and dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies by the 2015 australian fashion report. the 2015 australian fashion report has named and shamed some of the worst aussie clothing brands and companies for their ongoing exploitation of overseas workers . none of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage. in some countries like bangladesh, where the minimum wage is as little as us$68 a month and a living wage is us$104, the difference can be made by paying each worker just an additional 30c per t-shirt. lowes, industrie, best & less and the just group - which includes just jeans, portmans and dotti - were identified as some of the worst performers . 'a mere 12 per cent of companies could demonstrate any action towards paying wages above the legal minimum, and even then, only for part of their supply chain,' the report states. uzbekistan for instance, the world's fifth largest exporter of cotton, was notorious for its  child labour policies which saw children as young as 10 forced to work in the fields until the government recently  improved conditions by renouncing the use of child labour 'on a systematic basis'. the report comes almost two years after over 1,100 bangladeshi garment workers died when the rana plaza factory collapsed in bangladesh due to building safety problems . 'the worst grades basically mean that they have very little public information available about what they're doing to protect workers and on top of that that they haven't engaged with our research process. however the report also noted some progress in the industry with companies like kmart and cotton on improving their transparency by identifying their suppliers, and h&m, zara, country road and the sussan group showing attempts to improve their international worker's pay.arsenal's midfield trio jack wilshere, mikel arteta and abou diaby have all been handed starts for the club's under 21s game on tuesday night as they continue their respective recoveries from injury. mathieu debuchy and mathieu flamini also appeared in that game, though both are now closer to first team action with the latter coming on against liverpool on saturday. arsene wenger said last thursday: 'theyve no problem after that coming out of the game. gnabry, who played nine times in the premier league last season, has been blighted by injuries this term, and is yet to play a first team game. a courageous shopkeeper was killed when he made a desperate attempt to stop a gang of thieves who had broken into his van in a cash and carry car park. a customer in the costco car park in watford where the incident happened reported hearing a nasty crunch as the 34-year-olds head hit the ground. mr prasanna was forced out but managed to hold onto the side of the vehicle before the door was shut and he fell to the ground. last october cousins patrick and james odriscoll were handed jail terms of ten-and-a-half years and seven-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to the manslaughter of mr prasanna. a european arrest warrant was issued but he was arrested in corby, northamptonshire in december 2014. today he was jailed for a total of 11 years - ten-and-a-half years for manslaughter, two years concurrent for conspiracy to steal, with six months consecutive from the suspended sentence. he wanted no more than a few cheap packets of cigarettes, he said. judge michael kay qc told mcinerney: mr prasanna was a hard working man and a family man with a wife and two-and-a-half-year-old son. his pleas of guilty to alternative charges of manslaughter and conspiracy to steal were accepted by the prosecution. he had 17 convictions for 32 offences and operated with alias names and false dates of birth. the day before mr prasanna was killed, the two odriscolls had carried out thefts and attempted thefts at booker cash and carry stores in dagenham, chelmsford, colchester and ipswich. "the dramatic sunsets began showing up over the weekend and had seattle locals wondering where the amber-colored haze was originating from," durken said. they believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683. in a country where cows dominate the rural landscape, the discovery in an austrian cellar shocked scientists. archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of an 'alien' 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second ottoman-habsburg war. king john sobieski vividly described in a letter to his wife a few days after the battle: . king john sobieski vividly described in a letter to his wife a few days after the battle: . in a country where cows dominate the rural landscape, the discovery in an austrian cellar shocked scientists.