ever noticed how plane seats appear to be getting smaller and smaller? with increasing numbers of people taking to the skies, some experts are questioning if having such packed out planes is putting passengers at risk. 'it is time that the dot and faa take a stand for humane treatment of passengers.' rahul kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at thekamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad, and began running towards the animals, shouting he would 'kill them'. the intoxicated teenager ran towards the lions, shouting: 'today i kill a lion or a lion kills me!' a zoo spokesman said: 'guards had earlier spotted him close to the enclosure but had no idea he was planing to enter it. 'we then handed him over to the police.' a police spokesman said: 'he has been cautioned and will be sent for psychiatric evaluation. they made an audacious attempt on the play-off places when freedman replaced pearce but have tailed off in recent weeks. the reds were linked with a move for the 25-year-old, whose contract expires in june, earlier in the season when simon mignolet was dropped from the side. it had been reported that neto had a verbal agreement to join serie a champions juventus at the end of the season but his agent has revealed no decision about his future has been made yet. firoentina goalkeeper neto saves at the feet of tottenham midfielder nacer chadli in the europa league . we'll see. 'we have not made a definitive decision, but in any case he will not accept another loan move elsewhere.' neto, who represented brazil at the london 2012 olympics but has not featured for the senior side, was warned against joining a club as a no 2 by national coach dunga. neto joined fiorentina fromatletico paranaense in 2011 and established himself as no1 in the last two seasons.bruce jenner will break his silence in a two-hour interview with diane sawyer later this month. speaking out: bruce jenner, pictured on 'keeping up with the kardashians' will speak out in a 'far-ranging' interview with diane sawyer later this month, abc news announced on monday . return: diane sawyer, who recently mourned the loss of her husband, will return to abc for the interview . she filed for divorce in september 2014, citing 'irreconcilable differences'. on sunday, he was seen walking to his car in malibu but hid his body beneath a bulky sweatshirt. jenner is also rumored to be filming a spin-off docu-series about the transitionon e!, although his reps have refused to confirm the claims. while jenner himself has remained silent about his reported transition, some of his relatives, including step-daughter kim kardashian, have spoken about about his 'journey'. 'i will say that i think bruce should tell his story his way. she died at the scene . by his side: bruce, pictured with his ex-wife kris jenner and four of his step-children (from left) rob, kim, kourtney and khloe, has received support from his family. kris filed for divorce from him last year . his cadillac escalade, which was pulling a trailer and off-road vehicle, plowed into the back of a lexus and pushed it into the path of an oncoming hummeron february 7. the lexus was carrying 69-year-old kim howe, who died from chest trauma at the scene. last september, she left the anchor chair of abc world news and announced that she planned to focus on specials. the prize porker, known  as pigwig, had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in ringwood, hampshire. a spokesman for dorset fire and rescue service said: 'at 4.50pm yesterday the service received a call to a pig stuck in a swimming pool. 'one crew of firefighters from ferndown and a specialist animal rescue unit from poole were mobilised to this incident. 'once in attendance the crew secured the pig with strops, and requested the attendance of another appliance which was mobilised from ringwood by our colleagues in hampshire fire and rescue service. firefighters were also called out to a horse which had fallen into a swimming pool in heyshott, west sussex . 'the crew rescued the pig from the swimming pool using specialist animal rescue slide boards, strops and lines to haul the pig from the swimming pool.' crews in west sussex were called out to a swimming pool where this time a horse had fallen in. the length of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever, figures show . that problem is likely to grow, as apple develops its long-rumoured streaming service. [those ways] arent reflected in the traditional listening figures quoted here  like watching videos from radio shows or listening to podcasts. in the final three months of 2004, 66 per cent of people in britain listened to bbc network radio every week. he said the organisation needed to learn lessons if they want to compete with organisations that were born in the digital age. you got it, dude! the show will feature candace cameron bure, who played eldest daughter d.j. "it's sort of a role reversal, and we turn the house over to her," stamos told kimmel. stamos will produce and guest star. talks with co-starsbob saget, mary-kate and ashley olsen, dave coulier and lori loughlin are ongoing, netflix said. the show starts with tanner -- now named tanner-fuller (get it ... fuller?) "we never stopped," cameron bure tweeted back. reanne evans shakes hands with ken doherty following his 10-8 victory at ponds forge . evans plays a shot during her world championship qualifying match against doherty . i don't know how i won that final frame. a 10-time ladies' champion, evans had led twice during the opening session before doherty went 5-4 in front . 'it was a struggle. with the experience ken had, i just had to dig in,' she said. i just couldn't take advantage in the end. 'next week, i will playing the ladies in the club again. i think i would have won if i'd taken it to 9-9.' the presence of television crews and snooker star ronnie o'sullivan underlined what a big story evans' participation was. she reeled off three frames in a row, led 4-3 and once doherty went in front, pegged him back to 5-5 and 6-6. the irishman, now ranked no 46 in the world, started to look his 45 years. she had the confidence to play right-handed or left-handed, as o'sullivan sometimes does. the key frame was the sixteenth. he needed a snooker to avoid the match going into a final frame  and he got it. doherty, now ranked no 46 in the world, showed his experience to close out the contest . jailed:ahmed hassan-sule, 21 (left) was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment. one child described the parties as 'a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets'. the victims, who were described in court as 'emotionally immature' were abused from 2009 to 2014. sentencing hassan-sule and the others in a court packed with friends and relatives of the defendants and victims yesterday, judge zoe smith said: 'you put on charity events to raise money for your football club. 'i had no friends and they were the only people left to talk to. it was a big part of my life and i was scared. i never wanted to do it. i never wanted to have sex with them but i thought that's what friends did.' detective inspector steve raffield from banbury force cid said: 'this result would not have been possible without the bravery of the victims. 'i would like to thank them for coming forward and giving evidence in this case. as in all trials without their testimony we would not be where we are today. he was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment. mohamed saleh, 22, of banbury, was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child. he was sentenced to four years and nine months' imprisonment. said saleh, 20, from banbury, was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child. he was sentenced to six years' imprisonment. he was sentenced to four years' imprisonment. he was sentenced to one year imprisonment to run consecutively. tunisian skipper mohammed ali malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night, some 24 hours after his  boat capsized in the mediterranean. prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue. as a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off balance, causing it to overturn. nervous:tunisian boat captain mohammed ali malek (centre) bites his nails as he waits to disembark an italian coastguard ship before being arrested over the deaths of 950 migrants who died when his ship sank . 'killer': malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night some 24 hours after his overcrowded boat capsized in the mediterranean. he has been charged withmultiple manslaughter . both men were to be put before a judge later today. catania prosecutor giovanni salvi's office stressed that none of the crew aboard the portuguese-flagged king jacob is under investigation in the disaster. deep in thought: malek stares in space while waiting to leave the rescue vessel. survivors told how women and children died 'like rats in a cage' after being locked into the boat's hold by callous traffickers in libya . they told yesterday how women and children died 'like rats in a cage' after being locked into the boat's hold by callous traffickers in libya. the coast guard, meanwhile, reported that it saved some 638 migrants in six different rescue operations on monday alone. on tuesday, a further 446 people were rescued from a leaking migrant ship about 80 miles (130 kilometers) south of the calabrian coast. victims: malek watches some of the bodies being taken off the rescue ship for burial in malta . relaxed: malek grins on the desk of the italian coastguard ship next to some of the migrant survivors . critics say triton is woefully inadequate and are demanding the restoration of a much bigger italian operation suspended last year because of cost constraints. mr abbott, whose conservative government introduced a military-led operation to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers before they reach australia, said it was the only way to stop deaths. haunted: surviving immigrants who escaped the boat that capsized in the mediterranean sea killing up to 900 people appear deep in thought as they arrive in the sicilian port city of catania this morning . outlining his views on preventing the deaths of migrants in the mediterranean sea, mr abbott told reporters: 'we have got hundreds, maybe thousands of people drowning in the attempts to get from africa to europe.' the 'only way you can stop the deaths is in fact to stop the boats', he added. yesterday, the maltese prime minister declared a crisis, calling for eu countries to reinstate rescue operations. mark lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month. the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. south korea ambassador lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand (pictured) while he recovers from last month's knife attack . mark lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong at a breakfast function in central seoul last month. lippert has posted several photos on facebook of him using the device in south korea . last week south korean prosecutors formally charged the man who injured lippert with attempted murder on wednesday - despite his denials of any intention to kill. last week south korean prosecutors formally charged kim ki-jong with attempted murder . kim, 55, was a known maverick activist who had been handed a two-year suspended sentence in 2010 for hurling a rock at the then japanese ambassador to seoul. 'there was an intention to murder because (kim) used a lethal weapon in a pre-meditated crime to attack the ambassador's face and neck repeatedly,' it said. kim insisted he had acted alone and not on the orders of pyongyang, but prosecutors said they were looking into whether he has violated the south's strict national security law banning any act seen as aiding north korea or promoting its ideology. investigators have ransacked kim's home as part of an investigation into kim's possible links with north korea. u.s. ambassador to south korea mark lippert leaves after he was slashed in the face by an assailant at a public forum in central seoul on march 5 .england captain alastair cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of england's opening tour match in the west indies. england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england's opening tour match . ian bell plays to the offside during day two of the st kitts and nevis invitational xi versus england tour match . but it didn't have to be that way. according to the official, nothing came of those feelers. nothing came of this search either. bowe berghdal, who was held by the taliban until last year; taliban hostages caitlin coleman, a u.s. citizen, and her husband, canadian joshua boyle; and dr. shakil afridi, who spied for the cia in pakistan and was being held in a pakistani prison, as well as weinstein. amerine is invoking whistleblower protection and denies making an unauthorized disclosure. a senior pakistani counterterrorism official told cnn that members of the islamic movement of uzbekistan, or imu, kidnapped weinstein at his lahore home on august 13, 2011. imu is an uzbek terrorist group headquartered in the tribal regions of pakistan along its border with afghanistan. the police subsequently arrested three uzbeks and four pakistanis who were part of the imu cell that had carried out the weinstein kidnapping. who was warren weinstein? after his capture, the leader of al qaeda, ayman al-zawahiri, demanded the end of cia drone strikes in pakistan and the release of terrorists held in u.s. custody in exchange for weinstein's freedom. on september 12, 2012, weinstein appeared in a video produced by al qaeda's production arm in which he said that the obama administration had shown "no interest in my case." he then appealed to israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu from "one jew to another" to intervene. the cia, for instance, is focused on drone strikes and counterterrorism operations, while the fbi has responsibility for retrieving american hostages. there are some solutions for these problems. all these organizations have key roles to play in getting american hostages home. this is what happened in the case of the american journalist peter theo curtis, who was captured by al qaeda's affiliate in syria in 2012, but was released last year after the qatari government intervened in his case. a senior american official told cnn they are being held by the haqqani network. but after meeting her victims, the 21-year-old from buenos aires, would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious, before ransacking their homes. buenos aires thief sofia davila, 21, would start chatting to men over facebook before suggesting that they meet up. when they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious . she is now awaiting trial after admitting tricking 15 men and robbing them. two of her accomplices will also appear in court over the crimes . one of davila's victims said the pair hit it off at a hotel, and he didn't think have any suspicions when they met up again at his home. he said she drugged him and he woke up with his feet tied and two men stealing his tv . we also found that the man had been drugged.' the report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in australia. 'furthermore, 91 per cent of companies still don't know where all their cotton comes from and 75 per cent don't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs. 'if companies don't know how and where their products are made, then there's no way for them to ensure that their workers are protected.' 'furthermore, 91 per cent of companies still don't know where all their cotton comes from and 75 per cent don't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs,' the report stated . 'there were 61 assessment criteria that we used to grade the companies that were put together with lots of collaboration with international labour rights organisations. about 75 per cent did engage, but one quarter didn't.' club captain mikel arteta (left) is also in the team to play against stoke city at the emirates stadium . wilshere watched arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in the premier league from the stands on saturday afternoon . iliev, maitland-niles, oconnor, bielik, ormonde-ottewill, diaby, arteta, gnabry, wilshere, crowley, iwobi . diaby's fitness troubles have been well documented, with the french midfielder racking up 227 weeks out during his nine-year career with the club. all three featured in last week's practice match against a brentford development xi, with england international wilshere scoring in the 4-0 victory. england star wilshere scored the opening goal and created another against a brentford development xi .tragedy: prasanna nick arulchelvam died when he fell from a van while chasing a gang of thieves . prasanna nick arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door of their van, but was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away. he took his trolley back to a bay and returned to see that the stock he had bought had been disturbed, luton crown court heard. mr prasanna then gave chase as he saw a separate van speeding off. prosecutor john price qc said: mr prasanna courageously acted in an attempt to stop the driver getting away. with equal determination and with an utterly callous regard for his safety, the two men used violence that cost this man his life. a witness said it was as if he had been pushed or kicked away from the van. nothing had been taken from mr prasannas van. the sentence of patrick odriscoll, who was driving the van, was later increased to 12 years on appeal. his cousin was in another vehicle at the scene while a third man, michael mcinerney, 34, was in the rear of the van mr prasanna chased. mcinerney went on the run after he was arrested in december 2013 and bailed. defence barrister henry hughes said the father of three accepts responsibility for the death of a man who deserved no harm at all. jailed: michael mcinerney was handed an 11 year sentence after admitting to pushing mrprasanna . i cant help but compare mr prasanna who was a hard-working and lawful citizen with you. what example are you setting to your three children?  . you applied violence to get mr prasanna off the vehicle. you pushed him out of the vehicle which began the chain of events that led to his death. mcinerney, from borehamwood, hertforshire, who was living at the time in radwell, bedforshire, appeared via a video link from woodhill prison, milton keynes. at the time mr prasanna was attacked, mcinerney was serving a seven month suspended sentence suspended for 15 months for a similar theft from a motor vehicle at a cash and carry in sheerness, in which a man who tried to stop him fell into the road. on the sunday they drove to radwell and collected mcinerney. the costco in watford where three men - cousins patrick and james odriscoll andmichael mcinerney - tried to grab cigarettes from mrprasanna's van before speeding off in separate vehicles. all have now been jailed . in two vans they went to three sites, where they stole or attempted to steal from customers at bookers in bedford and luton and at pc world at the staples retail park in hendon, before going to costco in watford. mr prasanna died on june 6 2013 in st marys hospital in london, 11 days after the attack on him. he came to england from sri lanka in 1998 and worked for tesco as a manager. they opened another store in sittingbourne, kent, and were looking at starting a third southampton. (cnn)a fiery sunset greeted people in washington sunday. the deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan's eye. he photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city's skyline and shared them on cnn ireport. the fires were started in southeastern siberia, by farmers burning grass in their fields. as a result, the fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region. however, the lingering smoke from the widespread fires were picked up by atmospheric winds. the winds carried the smoke from siberia across the pacific ocean and brought it to the pacific northwest. the researchers described it as a 'sunken ship in the desert'. 'but one look at the cervical vertebrae, the lower jaw and the metacarpal bones immediately revealed that this was a camel.' along with dna evidence, the shape of the animal's skull indicated it was a hybrid . the battle that took place on 11 september 1683 after vienna had been seiged by the ottoman empire for two months. it was won by the holy roman empire of the german nation against the invading ottoman empire. they probably didn't know what to feed it or whether one could eat it,' galik said. it may have been acquired as part of an exchange,' said galik . pictured the camel'sshoulder blades . in addition to horses, the ottoman army also used camels for transportation and as riding animals. in cases of scarcity, the soldiers also ate the animal's flesh. the camel was likely used in the 1683 battle of vienna, which took place on 11 september after vienna had been seiged by the ottoman empire for two months. it was won by the holy roman empire of the german nation against the invading ottoman empire. the researchers described it as a 'sunken ship in the desert'. the find was made it the town of tulln .