more than squabbling over the arm rest, shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger? this week, a u.s consumer advisory group set up by the department of transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, it doesn't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans. 'in a world where animals have more rights to space and food than humans,' said charlie leocha, consumer representative on the committee. but could crowding on planes lead to more serious issues than fighting for space in the overhead lockers, crashing elbows and seat back kicking? many economy seats on united airlines have 30 inches of room, while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches . cynthia corbertt, a human factors researcher with the federal aviation administration, that it conducts tests on how quickly passengers can leave a plane. while most airlines stick to a pitch of 31 inches or above, some fall below this. while united airlines has 30 inches of space, gulf air economy seats have between 29 and 32 inches, air asia offers 29 inches and spirit airlines offers just 28 inches. mr kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and 'thought i'd stand a good chance' against the predators. mr kumar had been sitting near the enclosure when he suddenly made a dash for the lions, surprising zoo security. 'fortunately, there are eight moats to cross before getting to where the lions usually are and he fell into the second one, allowing guards to catch up with him and take him out. brave fool: fortunately, mr kumar  fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions and could be rescued by zoo security staff before reaching the animals (stock image) kumar later explained: 'i don't really know why i did it. 'i was drunk and thought i'd stand a good chance.' 'fortunately for him, the lions were asleep and the zoo guards acted quickly enough to prevent a tragedy similar to that in delhi.' last year a 20-year-old man was mauled to death by a tiger in the indian capital after climbing into its enclosure at the city zoo.dougie freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal to remain at nottingham forest. freedman has stabilised forest since he replaced cult hero stuart pearce and the club's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the city ground. dougie freedman is set to sign a new deal at nottingham forest . freedman has impressed at the city ground since replacing stuart pearce in february . that has not prevented forest's ownership making moves to secure freedman on a contract for the next two seasons.liverpool target neto is also wanted by psg and clubs in spain as brendan rodgers faces stiff competition to land the fiorentina goalkeeper, according to the brazilian's agent stefano castagna. a january move for neto never materialised but the former atletico paranaense keeper looks certain to leave the florence-based club in the summer. neto is wanted by a number of top european clubs including liverpool and psg, according to his agent . and castagna claims neto will have his pick of top european clubs when the transfer window re-opens in the summer, including brendan rodgers' side. 'there are many european clubs interested in neto, such as for example liverpool and paris saint-germain,' stefano castagna is quoted as saying by gazzetta tv. 'in spain too there are clubs at the very top level who are tracking him. real madrid? the former olympian and reality tv star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on friday april 24, abc news announced on monday. and while the kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage, they will not be stealing bruce's spotlight because they will be in armenia when the interview airs, according to tmz. he also split from with his wife of more than two decades, kris jenner, with whom he has two daughters, kyle and kendall. out and about: jenner was pictured walking back to his car in malibu on the weekend and hiding beneath a large sweatshirt on sunday, days after reports that he had undergone a breast enhancement . hiding: he also apparently had painted his nails red when he was seen walking on sunday . according to radar, jenner wants to have all surgeries completed in time to make his on-screen debut as a woman on the fall season of 'dancing with the stars'. 'i guess i'll kind of let everyone be curious and i feel like that's his journey to talk about,' kim recently told entertainment tonight. i think everyone goes through things in life and i think that story and what bruce is going through, i think he'll share whenever the time is right.' deadly: in february, jenner's vehicle, which was pulling a trailer and an atv (seen right) rear-ended a woman's car (left) and pushed it into the lane of an oncoming hummer. his tell-all interview will also be one of sawyer's first forays back to tv news following the death of her husband, acclaimed director mike nichols, following a heart attack last november. a team from dorset fire and rescue struggled to haul the huge black pig out of swimming pool water . but pigwig wasn't the only animal who needed rescuing after taking an unexpected swim . figures show that while millions still tune in, they listen for much shorter bursts. the minutes of the bbc trusts february meeting, published yesterday, revealed that director general tony hall highlighted the fall. lord tony hall, bbc director general, highlighted the decline to the bbc trust, according to minutes of its february meeting . many people who used to listen to radio as a daily habit now turn to online streaming services such as spotify for their music fix. a bbc spokesman said: the number of people listening to bbc radio stations and audience appreciation levels are as high as ever. but time spent listening has inevitably been affected by digital competition and as people tune in in new, digital ways. bbc radio is still reaching 65 per cent of the population each week, according to the last set of figures available from rajar, the organisation which measures radio audiences. but although that figure feels relatively healthy by todays standards, it has none the less fallen by more over the last decade. lord hall also used the bbc trust meeting to note the strong performance of bbc radio 6, the digital music station which the corporation had at one point been planning to scrap. he reported that the recent rajar figures showed that 6music had become the first digital-only station to reach two million listeners, the minutes said. earlier this month, matthew postgate, the bbcs chief technology officer, said the corporation would adopt a new digital first strategy, to help it target a new generation of users. (cnn)so, you'd like a "full house" reunion and spinoff? co-star john stamos announced monday night on "jimmy kimmel live" that netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called "fuller house." tanner in the original series -- which aired from 1987 to 1995 -- as the recently widowed mother of three boys. jodie sweetin, who played stephanie tanner in the original series, and andrea barber, who portrayed d.j. 's best friend kimmy gibbler, will both return for the new series, netflix said. the show will be available next year, netflix said. "as big fans of the original full house, we are thrilled to be able to introduce fuller house's new narrative to existing fans worldwide, who grew up on the original, as well as a new generation of global viewers that have grown up with the tanners in syndication,"  netflix vice president of original content cindy holland said in a statement. -- pregnant, recently widowed and living in san francisco. her younger sister stephanie -- now an aspiring musician -- and her lifelong best friend and fellow single mom, kimmy, move in to help her care for her two boys and the new baby. on monday, barber tweeted cameron bure to ask whether she was ready to resume their onscreen friendship. fans were over the moon at the news.at 11:20pm, former world champion ken doherty potted a final black and extinguished, for now, the dream of reanne evans to become the first women player to play the hallowed baize of sheffield's crucible theatre in the world snooker championship. she advanced the cause of women in sport no end and gave doherty the fright of his life in an enthralling and attritional match that won't be bettered in this year's qualifying tournament. snooker's governing body had been criticised in some quarters for allowing evans a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sport's blue-chip event on april 18 - something no female had achieved. doherty, who won the world championship title back in 1997, took out the first frame71-15 . it was good match play snooker and tough all the way through. there was a lot of pressure on this match, a different kind of pressure to what i've ever experienced. she played better than me and lost. if it had gone to 9-9, i'd have been a million-to-one to win it.' the 10-time ladies world champion collected just 400 as prize money for winning the title in 2013, and this was a completely different environment against a player who beat stephen hendry to be crowned the best player in the world in 1997. some of the balls were wobbling in from the first frame. 'i can play better than i did so there is no reason i can't return and beat ken or even players above him. i just hope i get some help and am allowed to play in more big tournaments to give me experience. it's a lovely club don't get me wrong but i don't think many ladies could give ken a game. she lost the first frame convincingly but the nerves didn't show after that. it lasted 45 minutes with evans rattling off the first 59 points and doherty the next 74. it took doherty to a 9-7 lead but evans came roaring back in the next frame. 'they should let her play in more competitions,' he added. evans should certainly use this match to become a leading ambassador for women's sport. her purple and silver waistcoats drew admiring glances from the swimmers and trampolinists who turned up at the leisure centre as normal as she walked through reception to the basketball hall, where 10 snooker tables had been set up. next time they will know exactly who she is, and what she can do.a gang of six men have been jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of a string of sexual offences against teenager girls. the offences, which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in banbury, oxfordshire. oxford crown court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them. mohamed saleh, 22, (right) was imprisoned for four years and nine months . 'this raised your profile among young people in banbury and you saw yourself as a celebrity. 'your friends helped put on these events and you became a sexually promiscuous group, not with your own girlfriends, but with girls who were young, vulnerable and lacking in maturity.' the judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence, who accused the girls of coming forward because 'it's better to be a victim than a slag'. the men put me against my family  it was really clever. when i started hanging around with them i felt important. i felt like all my friends were making new memories and i wasn't part of them. 'as a result young people will be safeguarded while these men will have time to reflect upon their actions in prison.' justice:the judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence at oxford crown court (pictured), who accused the girls of coming forward because 'it's better to be a victim than a slag' those jailed on friday afternoon at oxford crown court were: ahmed hassan-sule, 21, of banbury, who was found guilty of 13 counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of assault by penetration. he was sentenced to four years' detention in a young offenders institute. takudzwa hova, 21, of banbury, was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child, two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of rape. kagiso manase, 26, of banbury, was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child, two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of sexual assault. most of the survivors and the victims appear to have been young men but there were also several children aged between 10 and 12, she added. 'we have not yet been able to ask them about this but it seems certain that many of them will have had friends and family who were lost in the wreck.' at talks in luxembourg on monday, eu ministers agreed on a 10-point plan to double the resources available to maritime border patrol mission triton and further measures will be discussed at a summit of eu leaders on thursday. the survivors, who hailed from mali, gambia, senegal, somalia, eritrea and bangladesh, were all recovering tuesday at holding centres near catania on sicily's eastern coast. in that time nearly 200,000 migrants have made it to italy, mostly after being rescued at sea by the italian navy and coastguard. italian officials believe there could be up to one million more would-be immigrants to europe waiting to board boats in conflict-torn libya. many of them are refugees from syria's civil war or persecution in places like eritrea. others are seeking to escape poverty and hunger in africa and south asia and secure a better future in europe. while mr abbott's controversial policy has proved successful, with the nation going nearly 18 months with virtually no asylum-seeker boat arrivals and no reported deaths at sea, human rights advocates say it violates australia's international obligations. 'we have what is fast becoming a failed state on our doorsteps and criminal gangs are enjoying a heyday.' pictured:lippert pictured with the brace with his wife and young baby . the brace was created by seouls severance hospital andlippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it. 'it is an amazing apparatus, one i haven't seen before - so innovative and creative,' he wrote on facebook. 'it is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as i am able to hold things in my hand. 'it is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as i am able to hold things in my hand.he added: 'this is of particular importance when i am walking grigsby, as i often need two hands to manage [his dog] grigsby,' he said . he added: 'this is of particular importance when i am walking grigsby, as i often need two hands to manage [his dog] grigsby!' he has denied any intention to kill lippert, but the prosecutors office said in a statement that the crime was clearly deliberate. he offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner gary ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries. that allowed ian bell to arrive at the crease, with batting time more important to the tourists than attempting to force a result in this two-day fixture. a senior u.s. official familiar with the handling of the issue told cnn that the u.s. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert's release, either directly to al qaeda or through proxies in pakistan. a senior pakistani official told cnn that after weinstein was kidnapped, the pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant haqqani network and to the pakistani taliban, which are both allied to al qaeda, to see if these groups might be able to initiate some kind of negotiation about weinstein. lt. col. jason amerine, a planner on the u.s. army staff, is under investigation over a purported unauthorized disclosure to u.s. rep. duncan hunter's office, which has demonstrated a strong interest in the fate of american hostages held by al qaeda and the taliban. a plan was developed in the pentagon to secure the release of weinstein, according to a staff member on hunter's committee. that plan was to release haji bashir noorzai, a prominent and influential member of the taliban who is in prison in the states on drug trafficking charges, in exchange for u.s. army sgt. it's not clear how far this plan of action went. as an army captain, amerine led a small detachment of u.s. special forces into afghanistan in november 2001 in the wake of the september 11 attacks on the united states. the operation was instrumental in helping to topple the taliban and to install hamid karzai as the new leader of afghanistan. who exactly carried out weinstein's kidnapping from his house 3  years ago in the pakistani megacity of lahore has until now not been clear. members of the imu cell told pakistani interrogators that after they had kidnapped weinstein they moved him while he was tranquilized and semi-conscious among three safe houses in lahore. there weinstein was given or, more likely, sold to al qaeda, according to the senior pakistani official. he held a doctorate in international law and economics from columbia university and spoke more than half a dozen languages. the obama administration is in the midst of a review of its hostage policy, which has been criticized by some families whose loved ones have been taken hostage by isis, al qaeda or the taliban. the key problems these families point to are lack of communication by the u.s. government about their loved ones and a lack of coordination within the government about how best to free them. often these goals are not in alignment -- as was clearly the case with weinstein. the cia could have exercised more due diligence knowing that weinstein was almost certainly being held in north waziristan. first, families should be granted security clearances by the u.s. government for the purpose of having classified information disclosed to them only about their captive loved ones. right now, the u.s. government won't communicate much with the families about their loved ones because the relatives don't have the requisite security clearances. should families abuse their clearances, they would no longer receive classified information about their loved ones, which is a strong incentive not to abuse them. second, president barack obama should appoint a senior-level person, perhaps working in the white house on the national security council, to oversee the work of the cia, fbi, state department and the joint special operations command, which implements hostage rescues. that person must be sufficiently senior so he or she can make all the relevant agencies play well together and "de-conflict" any potential issues, such as the ones that surfaced in the weinstein case. third, while the u.s. government position is that it will not make concessions to terrorist groups, there is nothing in american policy to prevent another government from negotiating with terrorists to secure the release of u.s. citizens, and this should be encouraged, even if there is some quid pro quo involved. the qataris have had longstanding ties to the militant groups in syria, including the al qaeda affiliate holding curtis, and while qatari officials have denied paying ransom to free curtis, it's unlikely that the journalist was freed just because the members of al qaeda holding him were suddenly feeling like good guys. curtis' successful release could provide a ray of hope for u.s. citizen caitlin coleman and her husband, canadian joshua boyle, who were captured by the taliban in 2012 when they were traveling on a trip through afghanistan. the pakistani government has contacts with the haqqani network, and the u.s. government should ratchet up the pressure on the pakistani government to secure the couple's release. in captivity, coleman, who was pregnant at the time she was taken hostage, had a child. she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies . 'we went to a hotel and had a good time and when she suggested we meet again i didn't think anything was suspicious. 'the next time we met she came to my place and said she'd like to drink her own alcohol and poured me one too. 'this was the first time the woman had actually shown up herself though, but because she matched the description we already had we decided to hold her for questioning. davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial along with her two accomplices. amongst the best performers were etiko, audrey blue, cotton on, h&m and zara. amongst the best performers were etiko, audrey blue, cotton on, h&m and zara . it found that only two of the companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers in two of the three production stages of their clothing. unlike a country's legally set minimum wage, a living wage ensures that an employee has enough money to cover the necessities - like food, water, electricity and shelter - and still has a little left over for themselves and their dependants. 'the whole point in our reporting scorecard is if these companies don't have rigours systems in place to mitigate against those risks then you can't be sure that there is no forced labour or child labour in their supply chain,' gershon nimbalker, an advocacy manager at baptist world aid, said . gershon nimbalker, an advocacy manager at baptist world aid told daily mail australia that part of the motivation behind the report was to shed light on how many of the world's 165 million children involved in child labour were employed by the fashion industry. 'the whole point in our reporting scorecard is if these companies don't have rigours systems in place to mitigate against those risks then you can't be sure that there is no forced labour or child labour in their supply chain,' he said. 'we found all the public information available on the companies - public statements, anything online - and compiled and assessed it before sending a copy to the company and asking for feedback or asking them to tell us what we missed. 'we found all the public information available on the companies - public statements, anything online - and compiled and assessed it before sending a copy to the company and asking for feedback or asking them to tell us what we missed. steve gatting's young gunners take on stoke city at the emirates stadium in a u21 premier league clash. teenage winger serge gnabry is also in the starting line-up, alongside a host of promising youngsters including dan crowley. jack wilshere, pictured in first team training last week, starts for arsenal under 21s on tuesday night . wilshere has been out of action since november after breaking his foot against manchester united, as has club captain arteta who picked up an ankle injury at home to borussia dortmund. they are back available in training, a bit short still of top competitive level certainly but thats normal. 'theyve been out for a long time but i was quite surprised by how fit they looked and the quality of their performance - it was good.' abou diaby has been blighted by injuries for the best part of a decade but played last week in a friendly . today, the man who pushed mr prasanna to his death was jailed for 11 years after admitting all he wanted was a few cheap packets of cigarettes. mr prasanna had just finished his purchases when he returned to his silver transit van and loaded a large box containing 21 smaller boxes of cigarettes in his van. he will live with the horror of the consequences of his actions for the rest of his life. he is described as a devoted and very loving father and husband. at an earlier hearing he pleaded not guilty to murder and not guilty to conspiracy to rob. mr prasanna later opened his own shop in basingstoke, hampshire, with his younger brother uday. four years ago he married shayanthy, 30, and the couple lived in grandfield avenue, watford with their young son. the stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia. but on april 14, it is believed that the flames quickly grew out of control because of strong winds and spread throughout the region, according to cnn affiliate komo-tv. rescue crews were able to put out the flames. parts of oregon, washington and british columbia are seeing the results of the smoke, wind and solar light combination. the reason people are seeing an intense red sunset is a result of smoke particles filtering out the shorter wavelength colors from the sunlight like greens, blues, yellows and purples, komo-tv said. that means colors like red and orange are able to penetrate the air unfiltered. the colors are especially intense during sunrises and sunsets because there is more atmosphere for the light to travel through to get to a person's eye. as the smoke starts to dissipate, air quality will get better and these fiery sunsets will lose their reddish hue.archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second ottoman-habsburg war. they believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 . genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a bactrian-dromedary hybrid  a breed popular in the ottoman army at the time. 'the partly excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle,' said alfred galik, a researcher at the university of veterinary medicine vienna. the camel was male, around seven years old and most likely castrated. the camel was male, around seven years old and most likely castrated. the cross-breed camel had been most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the ottoman army during the siege of vienna in 1683. pictured are various views of the camel'smetacarpus, which is part of its legs . historians claim the battle marked the turning-point in the ottomanhabsburg wars, a 300-year struggle between the holy roman empire and the ottoman empire . the loot that fell into the hands of the holy league troops and the viennese was large. 'ours are treasures unheard of... tents, sheep, cattle and no small number of camels... it is victory as nobody ever knew before.' galik and his team also said the cross-breed camel had been most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the ottoman army during the siege of vienna in 1683. the remarkable find was made during an archaeological dig that took place amid preparations for a new shopping centre in the town. if modern-day scientists were stumped by the find, it would have been an even greater shock for residents of 17th-century tulln. 'the animal was certainly exotic for the people of tulln. while roman-era camel bones occasionally surface in austria, serbia and belgium, the tulln discovery was the first complete camel skeleton to emerge in central europe. 'this means that the animal was not killed and then butchered. the remarkable find was made during an archaeological dig that took place amid preparations for a new shopping centre in the town. historians claim the battle marked the turning-point in the ottomanhabsburg wars, a 300-year struggle between the holy roman empire and the ottoman empire . the loot that fell into the hands of the holy league troops and the viennese was large. 'ours are treasures unheard of... tents, sheep, cattle and no small number of camels... it is victory as nobody ever knew before.' genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a bactrian (pictured)-dromedary hybrid  a breed popular in the ottoman army at the time .