the dig in the cliffs west of qumran, situated over the green line in the west bank, was headed by hebrew universitys oren gutfeld and ahiad ovadia with the collaboration of randall price and students from virginias liberty university. among the other finds discovered in the cavern, now designated q12 to denote its inclusion in the qumran cave complex, were a leather strap for binding scrolls and a cloth for wrapping them, the university said in a statement announcing the find. pottery shards, broken scroll storage jars and their lids -- even neolithic flint tools and arrowheads -- littered the cave's entrance. after a bit of work with a small pickax, the team made a monumental find: an unbroken storage jar with a scroll. sad  sad especially at this time of year," the captain said. troy has a population of about 50,000 people and is at least 6 miles away from albany. he also said there were a lot of parties going on there this past summer. now playing: state police sent criminal investigators, evidence technicians and computer crime specialists to help city police. (photo: aj jannik/facebook) harris county, texas -- a gun range employee cleaning a weapon accidentally shot and killed a man in cypress, according to the harris county sheriff's office. "just a terrible tragedy," hot wells employee stacy byrd said.according to the harris county sheriff's office, it all started when an employee was working on a hunting rifle. "the bullet went through the wall of the small range house and struck a patron who was walking through the parking lot," explained senior deputy thomas gilliland.life flight was called and cummings was taken to memorial hermann downtown, but he didn't make it. regardless, it's a sad scene that will always stick with byrd. "he leaves behind his wife kathleen and three children, who are triplets. his family confirms nicholas paggi, a 2015 massachusetts institute of technology graduate, died after climbing onto the roof near the infamous mit dome. police had trouble finding him to assist, but when he was located in the bushes they say there was no pulse. he has been a software engineer at ab initio in lexington, massachusetts for the past two years.an article about nick from mit's school newspaper, "the tech. north korea is urging its people to rally behind kim jong il's young son and heir-apparent kim jong un, as the world watches warily for signs of instability in a nation pursuing nuclear weapons. just look at the self-satisfaction on the face of cowboys owner jerry jones when he knelt, uselessly, with his team before the performance of last nights national anthem. the nfl is literally using this for brand marketing: colin kaepernick took a knee for a specific reason: he was protesting police brutality and the unfair treatment of minorities in this country. malcolm jenkins and anquan boldin, just to name two, have lobbied for criminal justice reform on capitol hill and supported organizations that provide career counseling to low-income minority men. advertisement the worst irony here may be the way the nfls new marketing initiative not only appropriates the protests, but perverts their meaning. (matt sayles/ap) lionsgate, the production company for mad men, announced monday that it has released pares version of zou bisou bisou as a single on itunes, with a special limited edition vinyl to be sold through the mad men web site. (update) missouri woman charged with kidnapping florida child 13 years ago posted 5 months ago by john p tretbar a 60-year-old woman is behind bars for an alleged child abduction 13 years ago. dont hate me little monsters. lopez said at least seven and perhaps 10 were dead, and 38 transported to hospitals. lettering on the bus indicated that it was operated by scapadas magicas llc, a company based in national city, calif. federal transportation records show that the company is licensed to carry passengers for interstate travel and that it had no crashes in the past two years. "the information that we have is that the bus' brakes failed and the accident occurred," he said. some people were ejected from the bus, while others were trapped inside. some people were ejected from the bus, while others were trapped inside. it said 19 people were injured, two seriously. houses had been pushed 100 metres (yards) by the landslide in the worst-hit area, where thick, knee-high mud hampered rescue efforts. "something went wrong in our analysis (of the situation) ... we failed to issue an evacuation advisory ahead of the disaster. cities in land-scarce japan often expand into mountainous areas, leaving such development vulnerable to landslides. the force of the landslide crumbled asphalt roads, while streams of mud tore through neighbourhoods, turning houses into piles of twisted wreckage. his family writes, in part: "he leaves behind 2 relieved children; a son leslie roy charping and daughter, shiela smith along with six grandchildren and countless other victims including an ex wife, relatives, friends, neighbors, doctors, nurses and random strangers." leslie's passing proves that evil does in fact die and hopefully marks a time of healing and safety for all." the obituary of a galveston man is trending online because of his familys biting sarcasm and harsh words. (photo: khou) galveston, texas -- the obituary of a galveston man is trending online because of his familys biting harsh words. leslie ray charping obit by khou on scribd ( 2017 khou) the obituary of a galveston man is trending online because of his familys biting sarcasm and harsh words. the obituary of a galveston man is trending online because of his familys biting sarcasm and harsh words.