over 60 years after the first excavations at qumran, researchers from hebrew university said wednesday that they identified a twelfth cave near qumran they believe contained dead sea scrolls until it was plundered in the middle of the 20th century. get the times of israel's daily edition by email and never miss our top stories free sign up it yielded no new scrolls, but archaeologists found a small scrap of parchment in a jar and a collection of at least seven storage jugs identical to those found in the other qumran caves. altogether there was no doubt we have a new scroll cave, oren gutfeld, head archaeologist from the dig, told the times of israel. only the scrolls themselves are not there. the bit of parchment and other organic remains have been dated to the first century ce, when the community at qumran was active during the twilight of the second temple period. pickaxes from the 1940s, a smoking gun from the bedouin plunderers who dug in the cave, were found along with the ancient remains. this exciting excavation is the closest weve come to discovering new dead sea scrolls in 60 years, gutfeld said. until now, it was accepted that dead sea scrolls were found only in 11 caves at qumran, but now there is no doubt that this is the twelfth cave. at the same time, gutfeld said, the caves association with the dead sea scrolls means we can no longer be certain that the original locations (caves 1 through 11) attributed to the dead sea scrolls that reached the market via the bedouins are accurate. the first batch of ancient scrolls plundered from caves near the shores of the dead sea were purchased by israeli scholars from the black market in 1947, and additional texts surfaced in the years following in excavations in the jordanian-held west bank and for sale on the black market. altogether, the nearly 1,000 ancient jewish texts dated to the second temple period comprise a vast corpus of historical and religious documents that include the earliest known copies of biblical texts. roughly a quarter of the manuscripts are made up of material belonging to the hebrew bible, while another quarter detail the qumran communitys unique philosophy. the various scrolls and scroll fragments are identified by the cave they were believed to be stored in over the centuries. the new caves discovery shakes things up. other discoveries included flint blades, arrowheads, and a carnelian stamp seal, all of which point to the caves inhabitation as far back as the chalcolithic and the neolithic periods. experts at the dead sea scroll laboratories in jerusalem found no writing on the scrap of parchment found in the jar, but they plan to carry out multispectral imaging of the artifact to reveal any ink invisible to the naked eye. the q12 study was carried out as part of the iaas efforts to systematically excavate judean desert caves that may hold ancient scroll caches in a bid to foil antiquities theft. the iaa announced in november that it was launching a massive project to find as yet undiscovered dead sea scrolls in the desert. last summer an iaa team excavated the cave of the skulls in zeelim valley after the antiquities watchdog caught thieves in the act. follow ilan ben zion on twitter and facebook. story highlights first discovery of a dead sea cave in over 60 years; "operation scroll" is a yearslong effort to survey qumran cliffs archaeologists think the new cave was looted around the 1950s (cnn) excavations on the storied judean cliffside revealed a new dead sea scrolls cave, full of scroll storage jars and other antiquities, the first such discovery in over 60 years. the discovery upends a decades-old theory in the archaeological community that dead sea scrolls were only found in certain caves at the qumran cliffs, which are managed by israel in the west bank. entrance of newly discovered dead sea scrolls cave. "until now, it was accepted that dead sea scrolls were found only in 11 caves at qumran, but now there is no doubt that this is the 12th cave," said dr. oren gutfeld, one of the project's lead archaeologists. farther in, there appeared to be a cave-in. neolithic flint tools found inside the newly discovered cave. it was rushed to hebrew university's conservation lab, where it was unfurled in a protected environment. read morea property manager discovered four people dead in the basement of an upstate new york home tuesday, authorities said. cops received a call of several unconscious people in a troy apartment building at around 12:50 p.m., troy police capt. daniel dewolf said, according to the albany times union. "we're going to do everything we can to look into this and get to the bottom of what happened here." officers cordoned off the area around the troy home, a white house with a bay window in the front and rows of windows, according to the associated press. (lori van buren/ap) dewolf added that the deaths "appear suspicious" and are being investigated as homicides. no arrests have been made and the victims' identities have not been released. officers cornered off the area of the home in the lansingburgh neighborhood, which is along the hudson river. with elizabeth elizalde, news wire services troy  a property manager discovered four slain people tuesday afternoon inside a basement apartment at 158 second ave., city officials said. troy police capt. daniel dewolf said authorities received a call reporting several people appeared to be unconscious in the troy apartment building at about 12:50 p.m. dewolf would not divulge information about the identities or ages of the victims. police are treating the deaths as homicides. he didn't know how long the bodies had been there before being found, and he wouldn't say if any weapons were found at the scene. the deaths happened in the city's lansingburgh neighborhood, which runs along the hudson river overlooking the housing developments that have risen in cohoes. residents said the neighborhood is mostly quiet. shakeria jones, who lives around the corner, believes the victim could be her friend. "she lives in the basement apartment," said jones. "i've been calling her all day. she always answers but she hasn't. i'm worried it's her. i hope it's not her." jones also said that her friend didn't have issues with anyone. "if it is her, i don't know who could have done it," she said. they said they were praying that the family was unharmed. jason fenton, who has lived across the street from 158 second ave. for 18 years, said that the building has four or five apartments. while he doesn't know the residents, he knows several children lived there. but tuesday's discovery has him scared. "i hope they find the person." another resident who lives in an apartment building across the street and declined to be identified, said police arrived without sirens on tuesday. officers used police tape to cordon off the area around 158 second ave. and closed the street in both directions from 102nd to 103rd street. rensselaer county district attorney joel abelove also was at the scene. no arrests have been made. more information was not available as investigators continued to comb the scene tuesday evening. police have reached out to family members of the victims, dewolf said. "things are unfolding right now," state police lt. rob appleton of troop g bureau of criminal investigation said. anyone with information is asked to call troy police.if she scores this jaw-dropping book deal, lena dunham won't be just one of the "girls" anymore. bidding for dunham's upcoming book skyrocketed to $3.6 million on wednesday, according to deadline.com's mike fleming. she met yesterday with editors. stay tuned. dunham's literary agent kim witherspoon of inkwell management is working on the deal, which should be finalized soon, according to deadline.com. slate's david haglund reported on monday that dunham's book deal had a set an "in-house floor of $1 million for u.s. rights to the book. dunham told the online magazine: there is nothing gutsier to me than a person announcing that their story is one that deserves to be told, especially if that person is a woman. the 26-year-old filmmaker and actress has written for the new yorker and rookie. her lit agent kim witherspoon from inkwell management is working the deal, and it should be finalized soon. she met yesterday with editors. stay tuned. get deadline news and alerts sent to your inbox. dunham has come into the spotlight incredibly fast since girls premiered last april. having been nominated for multiple prestigious emmys, it is hard to believe that the show even has critics. but obrien pointed out in their interview, of which fortune has the whole transcript, that some critics have found the show elitist for following four white girls. in the second season there are a multitude of new characters who enter. some are people of color, some are not, some are caucasian, because i went to the actors who i wanted to work with, dunham said. and i know i have viewers who are women of color who want to see themselves reflected on screen. so, that's what matters to me. the huffington post reported last may that donald glover was seen on set filming for the second season of girls, and it's speculated that it was because of the criticisms. girls is expected to return in january 2013 on hbo. the shooting call was placed shortly after 9 a.m. tuesday at the hot wells shooting range on highway 290 near barker cypress. according to the sheriff's office, the employee was cleaning a hunting rifle when it went off. the victim was rushed to the hospital but was later pronounced dead. "we had two helicopters that were circling the property. they were focused over by hot wells, but the horses were acting a little squirrely with the large helicopter noises and all the extra wind," said courtney thornton, who trains and rehabs horses here at this facility on west drive. she's ridden horses here since 2006. "we had a horse that was out loose in the arena and the practice pen," thornton said. "they were running back and forth down the fences probably wondering what was going on. watch raw video from air 11 on facebook, tap here  2018 khou-tv as deputies gathered details at hot wells shooting range, employees reacted to news of 36-year-old joshua cummings' death. it went off in what they're calling an accidental discharge. in a statement, hot wells said:"we simply do not have the words to express the sorrow in our hearts. there is an ongoing investigation into the circumstances that surround this accident, and until that investigation is complete we will have no comment on the accident details. we ask that our community joins us in prayer for the healing of all parties involved. "homicide detectives were interviewing all the employees and trying to determine if human error or a gun malfunction took cummings' life. "i didn't really want to see that this morning," byrd said. "i really didn't want to see that at all, ever. "cummings was employed by centerpoint energy.company spokesperson alicia dixon issued the following statement: "well-known for his kindness and intelligence, josh cummings was an employee at centerpoint energy and held many roles in both electric and natural gas operations in texas, arkansas and mississippi. josh will be deeply missed. harris county authorities say a 36-year-old man walking toward a building that houses a suburban houston gun range has been shot and killed after a rifle being worked on inside the building discharged. sheriff's spokesman thomas gilliland said the bullet from the hunting rifle went through a wall and struck the man who had just got out of his car. a medical helicopter took the man to a houston hospital where he died later tuesday morning. the victim has not been immediately identified. gilliland said the shooting appears to be accidental and "doesn't seem to be anything other than that at this point." he said homicide detectives are questioning range employees and are trying to determine if the shooting was the result of a gun malfunction or human error. copyright associated press / nbc 5 dallas-fort worthcambridge (cbs)  the call came into cambridge police for a 24-year-old trying to climb a building and falling multiple stories. he came down the side of one of the roofs, came across the front and slipped going back up the other side, his mother helga paggi tells wbz-tv from her home in new jersey. his mother believes it was all for fun, and mit students say pranks are not uncommon. try and leave their mark, getting into the nooks and crannies of the campus, said student skyler kaufman. nicholas paggi was an accomplished computer programmer who was with roommates that are still graduate students at mit. he took his school and work very seriously and was successful at both, said his mother. as a student, paggi worked at mits d-lab which develops new technologies to help impoverished nations and remained a consultant. his sudden death is now a shock. the goal of this fund is to support a scholarship as a memorial to nicholas paggi.nicholas paggi, 24, currently of cambridge, ma, born and raised on the jersey shore, passed away suddenly on april 26, 2017. nicholas was born in long branch, nj and grew up in bayville, nj. nicholas was a graduate of saint josephs elementary school, the 2011 valedictorian of monsignor donovan high school in toms river, nj and received dual bachelor degrees in theoretical physics and computer science in 2015 from the massachusetts institute of technology in cambridge, massachusetts. his code has been described as having grace and style. the scholarship will be determined by family members of nicholas paggi through an essay process. he slipped from the dome of building 10 while climbing it in the rain. he was a software engineer at ab initio at the time of his death. while at mit, he was a resident of bexley hall and senior house, and a member of the mit sailing team. paggi worked as a urop student in d-labs mobile technology group during his last three semesters at mit, and continued to contribute as a consultant over the past two years. he was a thoughtful and patient mentor to the other students in the group, fletcher said. nick was well-read, had a great sense of humor, and i always enjoyed having conversations with him discussing the future of technology and artificial intelligence. paggis death appears to have been an accident, sarah mcdonnell, media relations manager at the mit news office, stated in an email to the tech before the cause of death was known to the public. the news office has not responded to further requests for comment. in an email to the mit community, president rafael reif wrote that our hearts go out to nicholas's family and friends as they cope with this unexpected loss, and encouraged anyone affected to reach out to mental health and counseling, student support services, graduate personal support, and mit chaplains. paggis family has created a memorial scholarship to honor him. the scholarship will be awarded to a graduating senior at paggis high school who plans on pursuing a degree in physics or computer science. update 5/3/17: the article was updated to reflect the cause of death and the creation of the memorial scholarship.north korea conducted at least one short-range missile test monday, the same day it announced the death of leader kim jong il, south korea's yonhap news agency reported. two south korean military officials said they couldn't immediately confirm the report, saying to do so would breach a policy of not commenting on intelligence matters. both said any firing would be part of a routine drill and have little relation to kim jong il's death. they both spoke on condition of anonymity, citing policy. yonhap cited unidentified government and military officials as saying the test occurred off the east coast. south korea has put its military on high alert against the north's 1.2 million-strong armed forces. president barack obama agreed by phone with south korean president lee myung-bak to closely monitor developments. north korea is preparing for next year's 100th anniversary of the birth of its founder kim il sung _ kim jong il's father. the preparations include massive construction projects throughout the capital as part of kim jong il's unfulfilled promise to bring prosperity to his people. n. korea test-fires short-range missile      seoul, dec. 19 (yonhap) -- north korea test-fired a short-range missile into the sea off its east coast on monday morning, a seoul official said, hours after the north announced the death of leader kim jong-il.the official confirmed the test-firing of a missile by the north's military but said he does not think it has anything to do with the leader's death.this is a set of web collections curated by mark graham using the archive-it service of the internet archive. you always have the option to delete your tweet location history. unity. thats the name of the detergent that roger goodell, the owners, and the most desperate stooges in the media are going to use to scrub this trump vs. sports mess until all thats left is a shiny, useless bauble. were already well on our way. kaepernick has put his time and his money behind causes that seek to make this country a better one for the oppressed. the same is true of other players who have demonstrated before games. these are actions taken in pursuit of concrete solutions to real problems, and theyre what every pre-game act of protest is meant to draw attention to. but where does the attention lie now? for as much as the events of the past weekend were framed as trump going to war with the nfl, our bum of a president did roger goodell and the league a huge favor. all they had to do was release a few limp-dick statements tsk-tsking trumps comments for their divisiveness, come up with a few meaningless shows of pseudo-solidarity like we saw in arizona last night, and poof: suddenly the anthem protests arent about a very specific set of problems plaguing this country, but about unity, a cause more hollow than anything 25 branding execs could ever dream up in a conference room. roger goodell is on the cover of sports illustrated. colin kaepernick isnt. kaepernicks protest and the ones that followed were divisive, and were meant to be: that was the point, to ask people to choose sides, and to direct their attention to whats going on in the real world beyond sports. goodell and the owners, in asking everyone to come together around the cause of the nfl itself, have done what they always do, and made what theyve touched cheaper and smaller. its been weeks since a coalition of nfl players sent a memo pleading with goodell to offer real, tangible support for their activism. included in that memo was a specific list of activities that goodell could take part in in order to help them achieve their goals of bail reform, increased police transparency, and passage of clean slate legislation. who knows if goodell has done any of the things he was asked to do in that memo, or if he ever planned on working with the players at all. whats clear now, though, is that he doesnt have to if he doesnt want to. advertisement all he has to do now is remain united with his players in favor of the nfl and good things like vague civic virtues, and against bad ones like any actual discussion of how to make good on the promises those virtues offer.focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. eleven children at a harlem junior high school were being evaluated for minor injuries after an incident involving mace or pepper spray, according to fdny officials. (dnainfo / ben fractenberg) harlem  a 14-year-old girl released mace into a classroom on tuesday afternoon, sending nine students to the hospital, according to department of education officials. the girl, a student at the academy for social action, which is one of four schools at 509 w. 129th st., was given a juvenile report, a doe spokeswoman said. the incident is under investigation, she said. firefighters responded to incident at 2:40 p.m., bringing a hazmat team to evaluate 11 students. fire officials said nine students were were taken to st. luke's-roosevelt hospital with minor injuries. the other junior highs that occupy the building once housed by i.s. 172, include the urban assembly institute for new technologies, renaissance leadership academy and the urban assembly school for performing arts. a woman answering the phone at the academy for social action  a 6 through 12 school run in partnership with the nonprofit college board, which administers the sat, psat and advanced placement program  said the school had no comment.starting in 1996, alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive. flowing in every day, these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period. mad men to release single of zou bisou bisou, the song in everyones head monday sunday nights long-awaited mad men season premiere may have left viewers with an earworm: zou bisou bisou, the saucy french pop song that don drapers new wife, megan sings to him for his 40th birthday. it also left them with a whole new view of megan draper, the smart and liberated anti-betty, and a star-making role for french canadian actress jessica pare. zou bisou bisou, which roughly means oh! kiss kiss! was originally recorded by gillian hills, a french y-y girl, referring to a style of fun and flirty teen pop music of the era (the phrase means yeah yeah). theres also an english version, sung by sophia loren for the movie the millionairess. warning: some shots in the following video show loren less than fully clad. writes slates david haglund. i doubt it.a 60-year-old woman is under arrest in missouri in connection with an alleged child abduction case that took place nearly 13 years ago in florida, authorities said. sandy hatte, who is related to the child's family, is accused of kidnapping an infant back in 2000, according to the livingston county sheriff's office. "the dad was working, came home from work, and [hatte] was gone with the baby," detective eric menconi of the livingston county sherriff's office told abc news. authorities were alerted to the case when a livingston county school official became suspicious of hatte when she tried to enroll the now-teenager at school, menconi said. "they had some concerns about an individual who had enrolled a child into school and had some concerns if they were the actual parent," he said. police investigating the case discovered that the child had been missing for more than a decade, the news release said. hatte and the teen had only been living in livingston county for about 30 days, and had lived in a number of other areas before. officials took custody of the child at school on wednesday and the child and father were soon reunited, according to the sheriff's office. hatte was arrested for on suspicion of child abduction. she was being held on a $25,000 bond at the davvies-dekalb regional jail in pattonsburg, mo. authorities have not released the name or gender of the child, the father's name, or the state in which the family currently resides because of safety concerns. there is no information to suggest the child was ever in danger, the sheriff's office statement said. investigators confirmed hatte is not the child's mother, and would only go as far to say that she is related to the family, according to the news release. livingston county sheriff steve cox says sandy hatte is charged with felony child abduction. she is being held in the daviess/dekalb county regional jail under $25,000 bond. cox says officials at a school district in his county came forward with concerns over a recent school enrollment. in a followup release, cox said hatte was not the mother of the youngster, but is alleged to have portrayed herself as the mother. she is related to the victim and the father but she is not a person that had legal rights to the child, cox said. cox also sought to clarify incorrect information published elsewhere. he would not say which school district was involved, in an effort to protect the identity of the child. this happened in one of the school districts in livingston county, he said. we have 3 public school districts here, one private school, and livingston county residents that actually attend school in carroll and linn counties. i/we are not disclosing the school location to protect the juvenile victim and true family. detective eric menconi and captain sindy fitzpatrick investigated the case, conducting background investigations and eventually finding the childs biological father in the southern united states. officials say the investigation led them to believe the juvenile was abducted about 13 years ago in florida when the victim was a small child. authorities took custody of the child from the school on september 18 and arrested hatte. he says the evidence strongly suggests the victim and suspect had resided in other cities, counties, and/or states but says a definitive time line of the victims life and exact locations is not available at this time. cox says the family and victim have left his jurisdiction. cox offered public thanks to richard primm, who provided a room and breakfast for the familys reunification at the days inn of chillicothe. chillicothe, mo. a was boy found in northern missouri after being abducted in florida almost 13 years ago. the boys paternal grandmother, sandy hatte, has been charged with felony child abduction. she is being held on a 25 thousand dollar bond in the daviess/dekalb regional jail. the livingston county sheriffs office said a local school official in chillicothe had concerns over the boy`s school enrollment, which tipped detectives off to look deeper into the situation, however they also credit a private investigator. larry jones, of black hawk investigations, said the boys aunt called him in february, asking for help because several agencies told her and her family that the problem was a civil matter. ive always been a team player and so i considered myself a part of the team, and i was going to do everything i could to have it resolved the way its been, said jones. jones said the family told him the boys grandmother just took off with him years ago. the boy is now with his father in alabama.enlarge anders behring breivik during his trial in oslo, norway. (odd andersen/afp/getty images) please support our site by enabling javascript to view ads. norway mass killer anders behring breivik was rejected by oslo university after applying for a place in its political science department. the university said the breivik, 34, lacked the qualifications to study at the institution, as he has not completed high school. "the conclusion is that he isn't considered sufficiently qualified to start a course in political science," the rector of the university, ole petter ottersen, told agence france-presse. but breivik's lawyer, vibeke hein baera, said he has been studying in prison to meet the requirements to take courses at the norwegian university. "he's collecting points to study at university. he studied mathematics this summer and will certainly study other material to reach the required level," said hein baera. more from globalpost: anders behring breivik applies to study politics at oslo university breivik himself has claimed to have spent 16,320 hours studying, something he sees as "an informal education consisting of the equivalent of eight university years (or equivalent to two bachelor degrees and one master degree)." news of his application to the oslo institution sparked outrage among staff, some of who said they were opposed to any dealings with breivik, who is serving a 21-year sentence for killing 77 people. on july 22, 2011, the convicted murderer set off a bomb in a car near government offices in oslo, then went on to shoot at people attending a summer camp of the ruling labor party's youth wing on a lake island. over 240 people were also injured in the twin attacks. breivik was convicted of terrorism and premeditated murder, and received the maximum sentence for his crimes. http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/europe/130806/anders-behring-breivik-rejected-oslo-university file - in this aug. 24, 2012 file photo, mass murderer anders behring breivik, makes a salute after arriving in the court room at a courthouse in oslo. breivik, who admitted killing 77 people in norway... (associated press) file - in this aug. 24, 2012 file photo, mass murderer anders behring breivik, makes a salute after arriving in the court room at a courthouse in oslo. breivik, who admitted killing 77 people in norway... (associated press) the university of oslo says it has rejected convicted mass killer anders behring breivik's application for admission to its political science program. university rector ole petter ottersen told the associated press in an email wednesday that the 34-year-old right-wing extremist has been informed "that his qualifications do not suffice for admission to the bachelor program." breivik is serving a 21-year prison sentence, which can be extended when it expires, for killing 77 people in bomb and gun massacres two years ago. his university application stirred a debate in norway last week over whether someone convicted of such a horrific crime should even be considered for higher education. it was slightly distracting. while i appreciate the fact that a female can be on television and show a little fat, it was definitely slightly distracting  especially after seeing her in the tiffany commercial where she looked nearly perfect. especially for the superbowl. during her born this way tour, there were multiple reports of her drinking and gaining weight during the tour; this is the same tour that she cancelled due to a leg injury, but all the fans know it was that she was addicted to pain medicine and drinking alcohol. but her belly fat was a sign of someone who likes to abuse alcohol and prescription pills and does not take care of her body. https://twitter.com/hashtag/gagabelly focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain.authorities continue their investigation at scene of tour bus crash that killed at least eight people and injured 38 people. the bus, left, was carrying group from tijuana, mexico when it collided with two other vehicles just north of yucaipa, calif. on feb. 3, 2013. / ap last updated 11:25 a.m. et yucaipa, calif. at least seven people were killed and 38 injured sunday when a tour bus careened out of control while traveling down a southern california mountain road, struck a car, flipped and plowed into a pickup truck, authorities said. calif. tour bus crash kills at least 8 tour bus crashes in calif. the accident occurred around 6:30 p.m. about 80 miles east of los angeles and left state route 38 littered with debris, the bus sideways across the two lanes and its front end crushed. authorities lowered the death count from 8 to 7 on monday. emergency crews worked to free passengers who were trapped in the bus, which was returning to tijuana, mexico, california highway patrol spokesman mario lopez said. a representative of the mexican consulate was on-scene, reports cbs los angeles station kcbs, citing the california department of transportation (caltrans). the violence of the crash and severity of the injuries made for a chaotic scene, and authorities had a difficult time determining how many people were injured or killed. "it's really a mess up there with body parts," she said. the bus driver survived and told investigators the bus suffered brake problems as it headed down the mountain, lopez said. it rear-ended a sedan and flipped, then struck a pickup truck pulling a trailer. a call to the company was not immediately returned. jordi garcia, a manager for interbus tours, said his company ran sunday's trip. he told u-t san diego that 38 people departed tijuana at 5 a.m. for a day of skiing at big bear. route 38 runs through the san bernardino national forest and leads to big bear. the accident occurred as the bus was headed south and leaving the forest. patients were taken to several area hospitals with injuries ranging from minor to life-threatening. the national transportation safety board said monday it was sending a team to the crash. the california crash comes less than a day after a bus carrying 42 high school students and their chaperones slammed into an overpass in boston. massachusetts state police said 35 people were injured and that the driver had directed the bus onto a road with a height limit. at least eight people were killed sunday night and more than two dozen injured when a tour bus crashed on a dark and narrow mountain road near yucaipa, authorities said. the accident, which involved a collision between the bus, a truck and a sedan, took place about 6:30 p.m. on california 38 just east of the town of mentone on a route that leads to the big bear resort area, authorities said. because of the severity of the accident, it was difficult for rescue workers to immediately idenfity exactly how many people were killed. photos: highway 38 tour bus crash california highway patrol spokesman mario lopez said that all of the known fatalities appeared to come from the bus, which was a charter carrying 38 passengers, including children and one driver. firefighters set up a triage area on the ground next to where the big white bus had come to rest, as rescuers from at least eight different agencies worked to stabilize and transport the wounded. twenty-seven people in all were transported to area hospitals, at least six of them in critical condition, officials said. some of the injured were children. the cause of the accident was unknown, said eric sherwin, a spokesman for the san bernardino county fire department. investigation into the cause hasnt even begun, because patient treatment and transport takes priority, sherwin said. herbert atienza, a spokesman for loma linda university medical center, said the hospital received four victims from the crash -- two adults and two children. one adult and one child are in critical condition, he said. atienza said no more information about the victims was available. also: manti te'o hoax: tuiasosopo faked 'girlfriend's' death after fight bell trial: witness says rizzo tricked her into misstating salaries --julie cart and jessica garrison photo: emergency crews work at the accident scene along california 38 near yucaipa. credit: lawrence k. ho / los angeles timessenate judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley said if there is no agreement tonight on testimony by christine blasey ford, the committee would vote on the brett kavanaugh nomination on monday. the deadline has been extended to 10pm. the statement: despite the fact that the july 30th letter remains hidden, my committee has been investigating the allegations and has heard from multiple witnesses since sunday. ms. katz has discussed dr. fords allegations in numerous media interviews and said on tv monday morning that dr. ford wants to share her account with the senate judiciary committee. its friday night and nothings been agreed to despite our extensive efforts to make testimony possible, grassley said. im extending the deadline for response yet again to 10 oclock this evening. im providing a notice of a vote to occur monday in the event that dr. fords attorneys dont respond or dr. ford decides not to testify. in the event that we can come to a reasonable resolution as ive been seeking all week, then i will postpone the committee vote to accommodate her testimony. we cannot continue to delay. fox news channel (fnc) is a 24-hour all-encompassing news service dedicated to delivering breaking news as well as political and business news. subscribe to fox news! https://bit.ly/2vbuvas watch more fox news video: http://video.foxnews.com watch fox news channel live: http://www.foxnewsgo.com/  watch full episodes of your favorite shows the five: http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... special report with bret baier: http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... the story with martha maccallum: http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... tucker carlson tonight http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... hannity http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... the ingraham angle: http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon... fox news @ night: http://video.foxnews.com/playlist/lon...  follow fox news on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/foxnews/ follow fox news on twitter: https://twitter.com/foxnews/ follow fox news on instagram: https://www.instagram.com/foxnews/tokyo (ap)  rain-sodden slopes collapsed in torrents of mud, rock and debris early wednesday in the outskirts of hiroshima, killing at least 10 people and leaving 22 missing, the government said. in this aerial photo, a rescue helicopter hovers over an area devastated by a massive landslide in hiroshima, western japan, wednesday, aug. 20, 2014. a several people died and at least a dozen are missing... (associated press) in this aerial photo, a survivor is lifted by a rescue helicopter from an area devastated by a massive landslide in hiroshima, western japan, wednesday, aug. 20, 2014. a several people died and at least... (associated press) in this aerial photo, rescue workers search for survivors after a massive landslide swept through residential areas in hiroshima, western japan, wednesday, aug. 20, 2014. a several people died and at... (associated press) half buried houses are seen following a massive landslides swept through residential area in hiroshima, western japan, wednesday, aug. 20, 2014. a several people died and at least a dozen are missing... (associated press) a troop of police rescue personnel head out for rescue operation after a massive landslides swept through residential area in hiroshima, western japan, wednesday, aug. 20, 2014. a several people died... (associated press) video footage from the national broadcaster nhk showed rescue workers suspended by ropes from police helicopters pulling victims from the rubble. others gingerly climbed into windows as they searched for survivors in crushed homes. hillsides caved in or were swept down into residential areas in least five valleys in the suburbs of the western japanese city after heavy rains left slopes unstable. the fire and disaster management agency, citing the local government, said 10 people were confirmed dead and another 22 were missing as of mid-afternoon. "a few people were washed away and it is hard to know exactly how many are unaccounted for," said local government official nakatoshi okamoto, noting that the conditions in the disaster area were hindering efforts to account for all those affected. landslides are a constant risk in mountainous, crowded japan, where many homes are built on or near steep slopes. torrential rains in the early morning apparently caused slopes to collapse in an area where many of the buildings were newly constructed. damage from land and mudslides has increased over the past few decades due to more frequent heavy rains, despite extensive work on stabilizing slopes. in the past decade there have been nearly 1,200 landslides a year, according to the land ministry, up from an average of about 770 a year in the previous decade. in october last year, multiple mudslides on izu-oshima, an island south of tokyo, killed 35 people, four of whose bodies were never recovered. hiroshima at least 36 people, including several children, were killed in japan on wednesday, when landslides triggered by torrential rain slammed into the outskirts of the western city of hiroshima, and the toll could rise further, police said. seven people were missing after a month's worth of rain fell overnight, loosening slopes already saturated by heavy rain over the past few weeks. "there was rain and thunder all night, beating down so hard i was scared to go outside," a resident told fuji tv. i've never seen anything like this." helicopters clattered overhead, lifting out survivors, as rescue workers searched through mud and piles of stones in residential areas about 5 km (3 miles) from the city centre. among those dug out of the debris were two brothers, aged eleven and two, whose house was struck as they slept. a child's red school bag, covered in mud, lay in the debris. "the rain was just pouring down and the street in front of my house turned into a river," a man in his 70s told national television nhk. looking back, i believe this is something we need to amend," an official at the city's fire department said. about 240 mm (9 inches) of rain fell in the area in the 24 hours up to wednesday morning, a record-breaking level equivalent to a month's worth of rain in a usual august, the meteorological agency said. roughly half of that rain fell in one hour on wednesday. boulders with a diameter of as much as three metres (yards) lay scattered around. more rain was likely in western japan later on wednesday. prime minister shinzo abe cut short his summer vacation to head back to tokyo. he said he would dispatch several hundred military personnel to help with rescue efforts. by wednesday evening, about 500 such troops had been sent in. landslides killed 31 people in hiroshima in 1999, including six in the same area hit this time. (writing by elaine lies, kiyoshi takenaka; editing by robert birsel and clarence fernandez)pearl harbor, hawaii (ap)  navy divers from the u.s. and indonesia confirmed that a sunken vessel in the java sea is the world war ii wreck of the uss houston, a cruiser sunk by the japanese that serves as the final resting place for about 700 sailors and marines, officials announced monday. the japanese sank the houston during the battle of sunda strait on feb. 28, 1942. the ship carried 1,068 crewmen, but only 291 sailors and marines survived both the attack and being prisoners of war. the houston's commanding officer, capt. u.s. pacific fleet commander adm. harry harris said monday that divers have documented evidence the watery gravesite has been disturbed. assessments conducted in june to determine the condition of the houston found that hull rivets, a metal plate and unexploded ordnance were removed from the ship. there is also oil actively seeping from the hull. officials are working on measures to keep the site from further disturbance. "in my discussions with our indonesian navy partners, they share our sense of obligation to protect this and other gravesites," harris said in a statement. "surveying the site, of course was only the first step in partnering to respect those sailors who made the ultimate sacrifice to ensure the freedoms and security that we richly enjoy today." the navy history and heritage command concluded that all of the recorded data is consistent with the identification of the former uss houston. the houston was nicknamed the "the galloping ghost of the java coast." u.s. navy works with indonesian partners in protecting, preserving sunken gravesite from u.s. pacific fleet public affairs pearl harbor, hawaii (nns) -- u.s. navy underwater archeologists, in conjunction with indonesian navy divers, have assessed in an interim report that the wrecked vessel surveyed in the java sea in june is "consistent with the identification" of the world war ii wreck of the cruiser uss houston (ca 30), and that divers documented conclusive evidence of a pattern of unauthorized disturbance of the gravesite. "we're grateful for the support of our indonesian partners in determining the condition of the uss houston," said adm. harry harris, commander of the u.s. pacific fleet. "in my discussions with our indonesian navy partners, they share our sense of obligation to protect this and other gravesites." "surveying the site, of course, was only the first step in partnering to respect those sailors who made the ultimate sacrifice to ensure the freedoms and security that we richly enjoy today," he added. as part of the cooperation afloat readiness and training (carat) 2014 exercise in june, u.s. navy divers from mobile diving and salvage unit (mdsu) one company 1-5, along with personnel from the indonesian navy, surveyed the wreck during a joint training evolution. over the course of 19 dive excursions, both ends of the wrecked vessel were marked with buoys and the exposed port side, as well as the deck, was documented using video recording. after analyzing all of the data, an assessment from the naval history and heritage command concluded that all of the recorded data is consistent with the identification of the wrecked vessel as the former uss houston. the site of the sunken ship, while a popular recreational dive site, is the final resting place of approximately 700 sailors and marines. the assessment noted signs that unknown persons removed hull rivets and a metal plate from the ship. u.s. and indonesian representatives are currently coordinating to develop measures to prevent continued disturbance of the site. during the june survey, the joint team conducted a wreath-laying ceremony on june 11 presided over by the deputy chief of mission to indonesia, kristen bauer, memorializing the loss. the assessment also said that "evidence suggests the unauthorized recovery of unexploded ordnance (uxo) from the vessel raising public safety and security concerns" and that there is "active seepage of oil from the hull." underwater archeologists are still working through data collected from the visit, and expect the final report to be completed later this fall. houston, nicknamed "the galloping ghost of the java coast," was sunk in combat during the world war ii battle of sunda strait in 1942. capt. albert h. rooks, the ship's commanding officer who was killed in action, posthumously received the medal of honor for extraordinary heroism, while uss houston was awarded two battle stars, as well as the presidential unit citation. tmz reported tuesday that lindsay lohan is engaged to boyfriend egor tarabasov after he popped the question over the weekend, but a rep for the actress tells page six the report is not true and holds no merit. if news of an engagement seems quick, thats because the mean girls star, 29, and the 22-year-old russian started dating only five months ago. shes already made clear that shes quite the fan of the young real estate agent. hes just a sweetheart, dina lohan told page six last month. hes an only child and i just facetimed with them and his mom a few days ago. hes older than his years. being an only child and traveling the world educates you in other ways. apparently, tarabasov is one of the few things lindsays parents can agree on, as her father, michael, also feels good about the couple. lindsay lohan i'm engaged!!! lindsay lohan is engaged!!! we're told russian heir egor tarabasov popped the question over the weekend, and lilo said ... da. as we've told you ... 29-year-old lindsay and egor started dating about 5 months ago, and got serious pretty quickly. egor spent the holidays in ny with the lohan fam, who gave him the stamp of approval. egor, whose father is a multi-millionaire businessman, met linds through mutual friends at a party. congrats! starting in 1996, alexa internet has been donating their crawl data to the internet archive. flowing in every day, these data are added to the wayback machine after an embargo period.the aluminum trail is the bible of aircraft accidents on the hump route, and was compiled by chick marrs quinn whose husband died in a c-109 crash on the hump route on 27 feb 1945. excerpt from the book the aluminum trail by chick marrs quinn a flight of no return by sunny young a streak of silver in the sky the engines roar propellers try to lift the giant screaming plane above the mountains drenched in rain black, ominous clouds and gale winds blow amid the ice and swirling snow as plane and crew with every breath tries to win a fight with death to climb above the snow-capped peaks a place not for the very weak the plane is in a mighty grip the crew can hear the metal rip as suction lifts them like a kite above the peaks into the night then, just as quickly, dropped like snow onto the jutting rocks below time has run out for plotted goals a cry aloud, god save our souls! a crash like thunder a flash of light then silence in the blackened night crumpled engines, wings and tail help pave the humps aluminum trail a dog tag here a jacket there, a photo worn by love and care a parachute unopened lay no time to jump no time to pray in this far, forgotten place of jungles, mountains, rocks and space the wreckage lay like broken toys discarded by mischievous boys and boys they were of tender years families weep in silent tears to know the sacrifice they made the part their gift for freedom made captains, lieutenants, sergeants and privates, too maintenance or crew whatever their rank whatever their job they did their best with each heart throb some gave their lives to save a friend a brother to the very end they gave their lives so we might live what more can a person give? india agreed wednesday to allow american military teams to search the himalayan mountains for the remains of hundreds of u.s. service members who went missing during world war ii. during world war ii, the himalayas formed part of a major aerial supply route, a mission dubbed flying over the hump. pilots flew the route to avoid japanese-occupied burma, and it was the allies only option after the japanese blocked the burma road. several dozen u.s. planes crashed on those missions. for more than six decades, the burned wreckage of the planes and human remains were left strewn across the remote himalayan ranges. now, teams from the u.s. joint pow/mia accounting command (jpac) can search for the remains in india and bring them back to the united states. this week, vietnam also opened three sites for similar missions. the renewed push for the recovery of troops remains can be partly attributed to the fiscal 2010 national defense authorization act, which set high annual quotas for jpac. but some pentagon officials say such nonconfrontational work also helps extend the influence and reach of the american military in regions that are not historically friendly toward the united states. for years, an arizona-based businessman, clayton kuhles, has journeyed up its steep slopes, crossed treacherous rivers and combed through dense jungles to find human remains as well as engine parts, identification plates, wing sections and other pieces of the planes. kuhles has posted updates about his discoveries on his web site, www.miarecoveries.org. the team began excavating the crash site but then abruptly left india. some analysts say india did not want to upset china by allowing the americans in the sensitive border regions of the state of arunachal pradesh that beijing considers disputed. in an e-mail from prescott, ariz., kuhles welcomed the announcement but expressed skepticism. it took jpac eight years to identify and repatriate the remains i brought out from a c-87 crash site in 2003. the flight engineer from that aircraft was not returned to his family until april 2011, he said. let's be real, the truth hurts, even when you're six feet under. leslie ray charping passed away last month at the age of 74 from cancer. no services will be held, there will be no prayers for eternal peace and no apologizes to the family he tortured. leslie's remains will be cremated and kept in the barn until "ray", the family donkey's wood shavings run out. people have had mixed reactions to this obituary. leslie ray charpings obituary says he passed away in january, 29 years longer than expected, and much longer than he deserved. the obituary also says he leaves behind, two relieved children and countless other victims. it goes on to offer biting remarks about his career.