the latest excavation was conducted by hebrew university and the israel antiquities authority under the auspices of the idfs civil administration. after israel captured the west bank in 1967, many of the scrolls stored in the rockefeller museum in east jerusalem were transferred to the israel museum. how can we know for sure that they only came from 11 caves? for sure there were 12 caves, and maybe more, gutfeld said. the expedition to qumran was the first of its kind in the northern judean desert. gutfeld said he and his team absolutely plan to survey more caves in the region of qumran in the coming months to determine where else to dig. sign up for breaking news emails privacy policy thanks for subscribing! "it's certainly suspicious," dewolf said. another neighbor said the basement apartment was most recently home to a woman, her two children, ages 8 and 11, and her partner. "they seem to like to have fun," fenton said. fleming reports that this number could climb even higher: the numbers for the book of advice and anecdotes from the 26-year old creator of the hbo series girls should go even higher as publishers see her as an influential creative voice for young women. witherspoon is an ideal agent to contend for dunham's deal, as she herself founded an agency at 26 years old and now represents the likes of sophie kinsella, lionel shriver and anthony bourdain, the new york observer notes. dunham's book, tentatively titled "not that kind of girl: advice by lena dunham," is a collection of essays with an advice motif. "in the intro, dunham is self-deprecating about the idea that she has any wisdom to share, but says that if the book can help anyone avoid some of the mistakes shes made it will be worth it," according to slate. the proposal says the work will include candid accounts of "losing her virginity, trying to eat well (detailed diet journal included), obsessing about death, and so on, along with tips about how to stay focused on work, how not to ruin a potential relationship, and what have you." dunham's potential multi-million dollar deal is certainly impressive addition to her list of accomplishments. her feature-length film "tiny furniture" won best narrative feature at the 2010 south by southwest festival. lena dunhams proposal for the book not that kind of girl reached $3.6 million last night. the numbers for the book of advice and anecdotes from the uta-repped 26-year old creator of the hbo series girls should go even higher as publishers see her as an influential creative voice for young women. the girls creator and star lena dunham had the honor of attending fortunes most powerful women summit earlier this week and in an interview with cnns soledad obrien, she revealed some details about what is to come for her hit hbo series. i don't care about satisfying the critics, but i care about satisfying my viewers. the bullet went through a wall and then a window, striking a 36-year-old man who was walking into the range. horses at a property adjacent to the hot wells shooting range got quite the scare tuesday morning. i'm all for everybody being able to own a gun, to have a gun, but it is a little concerning being so close to shooting ranges just with those accidents happening--that's why you have to be safe." hot wells has not commented yet on the incident. for 44 years we have operated this facility accident free, yet today we are shaken by tragedy. we understand that this accident has, and will continue to affect the lives of many. he was a respected colleague and friend to many at centerpoint energy. kxan-tv is reporting the shooting took place at about 9:15 a.m. tuesday at the hot wells shooting range along northwest freeway and barker cypress road. he was a great mentor to all students, its such a loss to all of us. "nick was first and foremost a scholar. he rarely was seen without his trusty and colorful backpack that carried his mac book to capture spontaneous coding ideas and some light reading on topics such as string theory or java classes.this scholarship will be given to a graduating high school senior at the high school nicholas attended, who plans on pursuing a degree in physics or computer science. mit graduate and brilliant programmer dies on campus nicholas w. paggi 15, who graduated with degrees in computer science & engineering and physics, died on campus last tuesday night due to a hacking accident, family members told wbz-tv. rich fletcher 89, director of the group, said that paggi was a brilliant programmer who developed low-level c-code libraries for the groups mobile health apps and wrote difficult multi-threaded android code that no one else could do. we will miss him very much. they include web captures of the iskme.org website as well as captures from sites hosted by igc.org.these web captures are available to the general public.for more information about this collection please feel free to contact mark via send mail tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. learn more the nfl loves nothing more than a hollow branding opportunity. thats the look of a man who knows hes taken something that has nothing to do with him and turned it to his own ends. and while plenty of chuds were happy to mock it as the vacant posturing of a multi-millionaire with nothing on the line, the fact is that not only was he risking somethinghis career, as it turned outbut it was part of something broader. the song was prominent in a mnage  trois scene featuring hills, jane birkin and david hemmings in the 1966 michelangelo antonioni movie blow-up. slate offers a translation of the french lyrics, which david haglund writes, is all about openly declaring and displaying one's love, coming out from the bushes where lovers glide stealthily and feeling love everywhere. "he hasn't been able to find them since." "you could tell within the first three minutes they hit it off pretty well. since then, i've been on the phone with the dad and from what i'm understanding, it's going pretty well." too many people are jumping to conclusion that it was in the chillicothe school districts. cox says the woman and child were not in livingston county for much more than 30 days. cox also thanked kevin murry, who offered a reunion dinner at the golden corral restaurant. there are many people to thank for solving this case, including a persistent private eye. prison officials said they had no reason to deny him the right to study in his cell if admitted by a university.i think if you are going to play the superbowl, you should make sure your body is tight. the superbowl represents being in your best physical appearance. it was obvious tonight at the superbowl that lady gaga was not in her best physical form. while i thought lady gaga gave a great half time show, it was distracting to see that her belly was hanging over her bottoms. her performance was great  but we know that lady gaga has had weight issues in the past. i loved her half time show. it took firefighters more than two hours to extricate all the injured people from the bus. the name of the bus company and information about the victims were not immediately available. were expecting more people from the crash, he said sunday evening. it took firefighters more than two hours to extricate all the injured people from the bus. published on sep 17, 2018 supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh's sexual assault accuser christine ford should not be ignored or insulted, counselor to president trump kellyanne conway tells 'fox & friends.' the number one network in cable, fnc has been the most watched television news channel for more than 16 years and according to a suffolk university/usa today poll, is the most trusted television news source in the country. owned by 21st century fox, fnc is available in more than 90 million homes and dominates the cable news landscape, routinely notching the top ten programs in the genre. authorities issued warnings that further rains could trigger more landslides and flooding. those slides followed a typhoon that dumped a record 824 millimeters (more than 32 inches) of rain in a single day. "great big drops. hiroshima city authorities issued an evacuation advisory notice about an hour after the first landslide on wednesday. the soil in the area was of a kind that absorbed water until it suddenly loosened and slid, increasing the danger, disaster management experts told nhk. albert h. rooks, posthumously received the medal of honor for extraordinary heroism. resting off the west coast of java, indonesia, the ship, which remains sovereign property of the united states, is a popular recreational dive site, the navy said. the navy estimates there are more than 17,000 sunken ships and aircraft resting on the ocean floor worldwide. for more information on the uss houston, visit http://www.history.navy.mil/danfs/h8/houston-ii.htm. for more information on the joint u.s.-indonesia dive on houston in june, visit http://www.navy.mil/submit/display.asp?story_id=81641 and http://www.navalhistory.org/2014/06/12/dive-on-houston-day-4-the-surveys-final-day. for more news from pacific fleet, visit www.cpf.navy.mil.is she or isnt she? as fast as the couple may have moved, the actress mother certainly wont mind. hes cool and hes very mature for his age. hes not about celebrity or anything, which is really important. he has a lot of strong connections in russia  these are big people and theyre very supportive, he said last month. he wants things to be in the right place for lindsay and hes wise beyond his years. exclusive from russia with love -- lindsay lohan is engaged to be married to her 22-year-old boyfriend. this is a humanitarian gesture by a government with whom we share so many values, u.s. defense secretary leon e. panetta said in new delhi at the end of a two-day visit. the ability to return heroes to their loved ones is something that america deeply, deeply appreciates. the families of the service members were told that the planes were lost over the hump, but many did not know what that meant or exactly what had happened to their loved ones. the searches will not be the first in the himalayan region. five years ago, a jpac team went to verify a site where kuhles reported finding the wreckage of a b-24 bomber known as hot as hell. we have now indicated to the americans that we would be understanding and sympathetic to this humanitarian work, an indian official said wednesday on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak about the issue. it will take them many years just to recover the 20 sites which i have already found in northeast india. time is of the essence in this project because many of the family members are quite elderly and are passing on.please enable javascript to watch this video galveston, texas  obituaries reflect the deceased person's life and their impact on others. the family of one galveston man decided to be brutally honest when writing his obituary. "with leslie's passing he will be missed only for what he never did; being a loving husband, father and good friend. read the full obit and the response here. view the full obituary below.